Add CHANGELOG for v1.0.1 (#54)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-circleci: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.0.1 [2024-11-13]

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed `JSON unmarshalling` error of `trigger_parameters` for `circleci_pipeline` table. ([#53](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-circleci/pull/53))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `JSON unmarshalling` error when querying the `trigger_parameters` column of the `circleci_pipeline` table. ([#53](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-plugin-circleci/pull/53))
```
